hi it's benz high when i'm in
hell i like even seeing the
films that i like of course netflix and
when i'm in china
i like going on facebook to
talk to my family and so it's  this is
where benza and vpn benzaie pnc come in,
the discount code for our hate rvp
which doesn't allow you to do everything I
said banzaï vpn 70% reduction on
norvez pn I don't make a real vpn
but on the other hand if  never you are in
china or in hell don't ask me
the editor in short benza vpn the sketches or
virtually by confinement to
enjoy our planet as if you
lived abroad and it's also
practical to protect your data and
everything  without exception at bpr
we bring our slogan banzaï vpn it's
better than I had pn straight away
your new one at a corner with these
unemployed minutes
small minutes but it's a scandal
factually going to get me reimbursed
yes goal
I have  almost forgot the exemption I
undersigned minutes what is my last name
who am I
hello and welcome to the corner
[Music]
of Harcourt
not bad this new 12 on PC but I
had to acoss  it's really this new
dome what wei something that bothers me
already double 64 that means I missed at
least 1.60 unless it's good
the 64 mb s and why he would have done
that the human can't see  beyond 24
well I imagine that it pixelates less than
before so gg
hello and welcome to the corner dear
customer who is really physically there
in the same room
it turns there hello mister art corner
the really nice elected officials must first
go like that the northern AIDS virus
like a big guy but what is he
telling me emma garonne all these years
then we can catch it on
public transport again but then
why did my ex catch me in a
cruise while we were still
together
so I saw that it was the release of
doom eternal so I saw that I was
also the only store still open
I present myself here in front of you
physically
doom eternal meant the one  here
wait it would be good that it was only 12
75 watts in the announcement of ms eternal
the new it is not 2 64 which is a
bonus is still not happy enough
to be placed next to the game so
it  'is this art collection good
in what way we can't go out
bentiba hours later
ok it's great ah yes
and why that or you want him no the
corner then mathilde deschamps on him
during confinement in his little
comfort to people because  that we have no
passion in life apart from drinking and
consuming away from home
yeah above he doesn't have that much what am I
supposed to do football me surrounded by all these
people video played all day
because it's  is not a job it's
real name it would be ridiculous while
the world is calling for help
after losing the war between the boredom
of confinement and that only 20% of the
earth's population can still
wipe themselves clean a savior s  is about
to make his entrance,
we had predicted his arrival with a
delay of, like, six months, but his anger
against the demons of teleworking has
no limits to the body had
not disappeared yes but everything is
eternal to me moat  [ __ ] everything is going almost
four years after an unexpected episode
already inducted among the best games
of the 2010s as eternal is in
our hands in all its
infernal splendor with its engine at the top of the game
which loads the maps in 3 seconds and the
skins totally friendly and  his
fighters are what they are going to make
little rings of the mouth to your
favorite streamer
[Music]
you can already buy from where
he draws the mans with his eyes closed and this is
without mentioning here the campaign which  lasts
well over 15 or even 20 hours with
all the secrets while a single level
already more intense than to modern warfare
the game there that I paid 70 ball for
that the best multiplayer mode is in
fact offered to taulé brachial thought l  'we
really wanted four hours of play to
simply unlock and bring all the
mechanics of the game
next to where 2016 passes for a simple
tutorial yet I was a huge fan
of one or 2016 I even have the
original box of the autographed game  by
the whole team
look ah ah yeah it's really
ball a violent game because it
must be precious thank you I'm very
proud of it of course nivalle crossing is
longer and excuse 4k and skiers 120fps
volkan him thank you so a  point for dom
please remain impartial
round combat quickly and side by
side game with a comment of regret
however at digital benzi then with
this dynamic resolution technology
as well as its
revolutionary insect streaming system
you can see at  the screen that animal
crossing has a hard time following the
frantic pace of the last jumper in a
row on twc r moreover you have to
call this company they have not
used nor ivy because in fact it comes from the
concept id  by sigmund freud aka the
super ego in closing I digress again
a good point in favor of doom was waiting
that's all you have to say about
an imac racing but it's bad
faith it's totally biased in addition to
wez I admit I don't give a damn
unless we can play doom from an
animal crossing but which I will just
mention for the title and the thumbnail
the thumbnail of what does not drink what what are
you talking about  sound of music
but also for hours which
once again transcends what we have the right
to expect from a video game engine or
the close link between metal and all
mpt
not to mention the avalanche which is regulated
like the rabbit company of doom which the
crate is a small reserved cage that we
can come across here and there or the name
of flint in gap the real
deguy in the novels to enter the
hero's pc for me double above
it is  ultra playable and even if I already
said version of the game I still spent
hours playing at 12 years old or
[Music]
berserker already which offers you including 9 in because
for the first time officially on
PC but with  'a new chapter
making the direct link with twitter
the water can forever be that 12 64
is the real doom3 our rages dumont
chaptering there is no doubt when we
also forget mario or the cedants we are
given a little water for a while  and no that
I admit it's never very good but
it's a duplicate so it's perfect but
wait a second in fact you
work for bethesda unsold states
of the ass a quad in locating its attic
doesn't have a board believes in me  I am a
seller who must be in his boots because we
are ok that reassures me it is because of
the youtubers I have already lost two thousand
dollars on red shadow legends which
I had heard about that salute on the
collector side we are heating up the
credit card  because feeds giorno
finally proposes that any good
shooter collector should offer the soundtrack on
old-fashioned audio cassette monga and
calvet once again what other game
has brought together a choir of singers of
metal lives
on the other hand who again with cassettes
of  these days it's me who finally follows
how much the hype of vinyl turntables
I go to all the albums on cassette of
mine I listen on cassette with my
little vintage sony walkman yeah it's
true that you have a good part on
point  of you but an old thing could have
cash pile I'm wrong I admit done
to be strong you are strong no but of
course I was talking about the helmet of the double
slayer it is hated made the most beautiful
thing I have  never seen in a
collector's bag look a little bit at this
level of detail and its perfect painting
the portability and the cash pile
cleverly concealed or and besides
you wouldn't have a turn of the screw
go the little ones go very fine
for  the loyal clashes accessible
that's it yeah exactly of course
not so it seems that it
lights up and it's frankly class
look at the images
these privileged 1% bastards who
strut on Instagram with their
opulence and their  precision screwdriver
the special for their book which not
only produces
satanic penciled business cards screamed your
catechism teacher but also lots of information on
the storyline of the whole saga because yes there is
a storyline passing briefly on
the classy and golden poster  is not to
be a little sober as well as the style
end which contains a piece of cardboard which
contains the code of the game
and yeah there it is the PC version but
once again it does not have a
reversible cover to lens it makes  so
want why there is a game in the
good style this time but for once
in this kind of collector we get
useful dlc like a season pass
including two solo dlc in advance this
means that the campaign will expand by a
few hours in  more reach
peaks reached while by the series
half life and again a little kiss
dogs especially in the remake black mesa
dons so that we waited five years he
completes his verdict
[Music]
I'm dead you of skull and with your
skill ignited with the
old-fashioned sounds of the first doom like
the unforgettable of the super hot young people or
even the plasma rifle
but hey I know I had it personally
I wouldn't have said no a little figurine
from Mac Flint  horizon which
finally seems to satisfy my desires for toys
stamped doom
but I will settle for a statue of
the five puppies prime one studios
us best with the choice of several
interchangeable weapons like the big
[ __ ] god or his thick which is unfortunately
very disappointing in-game team  is his
mother visually so listen to
healthy guys it's when you want for a
review you have my address I'm
even ready to part with the
Fallout 76 collector in exchange
lol and if you find that it's only the
big babies who  collect them play
in this case why the doom slayer
himself collects them play and
each and mat the yes life their animal
crossing what did you propose
opposite the pastel colored consoles
with tom jedusor I mean tom nook  gold
decals not bad not bad it lacks
space marine helmets all that you do
n't see going a weight bochum remains a
third criterion to decide between the
two games attention trap question
which of these two games and dum ba dum
eternal
wow how did you never guess  a
shooter was not as intense addictive
optimized long complete tactical nag
and a multiplayer in all that that's
[ __ ] the
cut not finally with its more
lively decorations ensures more intense action
that I had doubled terol and already the  game
of the year
everything makes sense when you see
it's chad haven of giant demons impaled
on buildings while a flock of
gargoyles fly over the avs waterfalls
that you finally have time to
contemplate while your lance
flames recharge before returning
to the massacre
doum doum it is a culture a way of
life a poem a song we who
would not be inspired in front of such
images
and thirty two years it comes to us from the
two sevres where the insurers these
patients are played  on my back but
fishing is michel delpech
[Music]
it was 5 a.m. in the upper
Gironde with intestines punctuated by
cults
[Music]
I broadcast with the morning a
damned soul was gaining altitude
the ben ali who  in a hurry
July in front I hold it in front of you
[Music]
usually this meaning I saw
cards flying knows
they are 20
they are
you
lexus or wants to take baho
[Music]
who goes
montceau
there is
[Music] the the
singer
the ifop of mutual sin
and where
[Music]
that
otherwise your thing there yes good ok I admit
the joke a little too far and before I
take you to oopa because with a
campaign otherwise it will occupy us at
least until  'in san roque and until 2077
a sorry I was listening to page was
finishing doom
I bought online during the song
how dare you you little
margoulins from youtube the new wave from
unemployment in time a little  little
that I find you is very good
luck because I have a vpn first
[Music]